docs/API/index.md, before:

# API Reference

### Global functions

- [ePub](epub.md)

### Global classes (dependencies graph)

- [Annotation](annotation.md) `from ./annotation`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Annotations](annotations.md) `from ./annotations`
    - [Annotation](annotation.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
- [Archive](archive.md) `from ./archive`
    - [Input](input.md)
    - JSZip
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Book](book.md) `from ./book`
    - [Archive](archive.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EPUBJS_VERSION
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
    - [Container](container.md)
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Locations](locations.md)
    - [Navigation](navigation.md)
    - [Packaging](packaging.md)
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
    - [Rendition](rendition.md)
    - [Resources](resources.md)
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
    - [Sections](sections.md)
    - [Storage](storage.md)
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Contents](contents.md) `from ./contentss`
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - DOM_EVENTS
        - EPUBJS_VERSION
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - borders
        - defaults
        - isNumber
        - prefixed
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Mapping](mapping.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceLinks
- [Input](input.md)
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - isXml
        - parse
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
- [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md) `from ./epubcfi`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
        - findChildren
        - isNumber
        - RangeObject
        - type
- [Landmarks](navigation/landmarks.md) `from ./navigation/landmarks`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - qsa
        - filterChildren
- [Layout](layout.md) `from ./layout`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
- [Location](location.md) `from ./location`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
- [Locations](locations.md) `from ./locations`
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - locationOf
        - sprint
        - qs
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Location](location.md)
    - [Queue](utils/queue.md)
- [Manifest](packaging/manifest.md) `from ./packaging/manifest`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - qsa
        - qsp
- [Mapping](mapping.md) `from ./mapping`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - nodeBounds
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Metadata](packaging/metadata.md) `from ./packaging/metadata`
- [Navigation](navigation.md) `from ./navigation`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - qs
        - qsa
    - [Landmarks](navigation/landmarks.md)
    - [PageList](navigation/pagelist.md)
    - [Toc](navigation/toc.md)
- [Packaging](packaging.md) `from ./packaging`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - qs
        - qsp
    - [Manifest](packaging/manifest.md)
    - [Metadata](packaging/metadata.md)
    - [Spine](packaging/spine.md)
- [PageList](navigation/pagelist.md) `from ./navigation/pagelist`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - indexOfSorted
        - locationOf
        - qs
        - qsa
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Rendition](rendition.md) `from ./rendition`
    - [Annotations](annotations.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
        - DOM_EVENTS
    - [Contents](contents.md)
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
        - isFloat
    - [ContinuousViewManager](managers/continuous/index.md) `from ./managers/continuous/index`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - extend
            - requestAnimationFrame
        - DefaultViewManager `from ../default/index`
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [Snap](managers/helpers/snap.md) `from ../helpers/snap`
    - [DefaultViewManager](managers/default/index.md) `from ./managers/default/index`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - extend
            - isNumber
            - windowBounds
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [Mapping](mapping.md) `from ../../mapping`
        - [scrollType](utils/scrolltype.md) `from ../../utils/scrolltype`
        - [Views](managers/helpers/views.md) `from ../helpers/views`
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [IframeView](managers/views/iframe.md) `from ./managers/views/iframe`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [Contents](contents.md) `from ../../contents`
        - [Marks](marks-pane/marks.md) `from ../../marks-pane/marks`
            - [proxyMouse](marks-pane/events.md) `from ./events`
        - [Highlight](marks-pane/highlight.md) `from ../../marks-pane/highlight`
            - [Mark](marks-pane/mark.md) `from ./mark`
        - [Underline](marks-pane/underline.md) `from ../../marks-pane/underline`
            - [Highlight](marks-pane/highlight.md)
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - createBlobUrl
            - borders
            - bounds
            - extend
            - isNumber
            - revokeBlobUrl
            - uuid
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md) `from ../../epubcfi`
    - [Layout](layout.md)
    - [Themes](themes.md)
    - [Queue](utils/queue.md)
- [Resources](resources.md) `from ./resources`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - blob2base64
        - createBase64Url
        - createBlobUrl
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - substitute
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Section](section.md) `from ./section`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - sprint
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceBase
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Sections](sections.md) `from ./sections`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceBase
        - replaceCanonical
        - replaceMeta
    - [Section](section.md)
- [Spine](packaging/spine.md) `from ./packaging/spine`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - indexOfNode
        - qsa
- [Storage](storage.md) `from ./storage`
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [Input](input.md)
    - localforage
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Themes](themes.md) `from ./themes`
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Toc](navigation/toc.md) `from ./navigation/toc`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - filterChildren
        - qs

### Utils classes

- [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
- [Hook](utils/hook.md) `from ./utils/hook`
- [Path](utils/path.md) `from ./utils/path`
- [Queue](utils/queue.md) `from ./utils/queue`
- [Url](utils/url.md) `from ./utils/url`

Commit message:

added reference to Viewport class into docs/API/index.md

docs/API/index.md, after:

# API Reference

### Global functions

- [ePub](epub.md)

### Global classes (dependencies graph)

- [Annotation](annotation.md) `from ./annotation`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Annotations](annotations.md) `from ./annotations`
    - [Annotation](annotation.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
- [Archive](archive.md) `from ./archive`
    - [Input](input.md)
    - JSZip
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Book](book.md) `from ./book`
    - [Archive](archive.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EPUBJS_VERSION
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
    - [Container](container.md)
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Locations](locations.md)
    - [Navigation](navigation.md)
    - [Packaging](packaging.md)
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
    - [Rendition](rendition.md)
    - [Resources](resources.md)
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
    - [Sections](sections.md)
    - [Storage](storage.md)
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Contents](contents.md) `from ./contentss`
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - DOM_EVENTS
        - EPUBJS_VERSION
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - borders
        - defaults
        - isNumber
        - prefixed
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Mapping](mapping.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceLinks
- [Input](input.md)
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - isXml
        - parse
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
- [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md) `from ./epubcfi`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
        - findChildren
        - isNumber
        - RangeObject
        - type
- [Landmarks](navigation/landmarks.md) `from ./navigation/landmarks`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - qsa
        - filterChildren
- [Layout](layout.md) `from ./layout`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
- [Location](location.md) `from ./location`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
- [Locations](locations.md) `from ./locations`
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - locationOf
        - sprint
        - qs
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Location](location.md)
    - [Queue](utils/queue.md)
- [Manifest](packaging/manifest.md) `from ./packaging/manifest`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - qsa
        - qsp
- [Mapping](mapping.md) `from ./mapping`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - nodeBounds
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Metadata](packaging/metadata.md) `from ./packaging/metadata`
- [Navigation](navigation.md) `from ./navigation`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - qs
        - qsa
    - [Landmarks](navigation/landmarks.md)
    - [PageList](navigation/pagelist.md)
    - [Toc](navigation/toc.md)
- [Packaging](packaging.md) `from ./packaging`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - qs
        - qsp
    - [Manifest](packaging/manifest.md)
    - [Metadata](packaging/metadata.md)
    - [Spine](packaging/spine.md)
- [PageList](navigation/pagelist.md) `from ./navigation/pagelist`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - indexOfSorted
        - locationOf
        - qs
        - qsa
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
- [Rendition](rendition.md) `from ./rendition`
    - [Annotations](annotations.md)
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS
        - DOM_EVENTS
    - [Contents](contents.md)
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - extend
        - isFloat
    - [ContinuousViewManager](managers/continuous/index.md) `from ./managers/continuous/index`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - extend
            - requestAnimationFrame
        - DefaultViewManager `from ../default/index`
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [Snap](managers/helpers/snap.md) `from ../helpers/snap`
    - [DefaultViewManager](managers/default/index.md) `from ./managers/default/index`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - extend
            - isNumber
            - windowBounds
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [Mapping](mapping.md) `from ../../mapping`
        - [scrollType](utils/scrolltype.md) `from ../../utils/scrolltype`
        - [Views](managers/helpers/views.md) `from ../helpers/views`
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [IframeView](managers/views/iframe.md) `from ./managers/views/iframe`
        - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ../../utils/constants`
            - EVENTS
        - [Contents](contents.md) `from ../../contents`
        - [Marks](marks-pane/marks.md) `from ../../marks-pane/marks`
            - [proxyMouse](marks-pane/events.md) `from ./events`
        - [Highlight](marks-pane/highlight.md) `from ../../marks-pane/highlight`
            - [Mark](marks-pane/mark.md) `from ./mark`
        - [Underline](marks-pane/underline.md) `from ../../marks-pane/underline`
            - [Highlight](marks-pane/highlight.md)
        - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../../utils/core`
            - createBlobUrl
            - borders
            - bounds
            - extend
            - isNumber
            - revokeBlobUrl
            - uuid
        - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ../../utils/defer`
        - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md) `from ../../epubcfi`
    - [Layout](layout.md)
    - [Themes](themes.md)
    - [Viewport](viewport.md)
    - [Queue](utils/queue.md)
- [Resources](resources.md) `from ./resources`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - blob2base64
        - createBase64Url
        - createBlobUrl
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [Path](utils/path.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - substitute
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Section](section.md) `from ./section`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
        - sprint
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceBase
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Sections](sections.md) `from ./sections`
    - [EpubCFI](epubcfi.md)
    - [Hook](utils/hook.md)
    - [replacements](utils/replacements.md) `from ./utils/replacements`
        - replaceBase
        - replaceCanonical
        - replaceMeta
    - [Section](section.md)
- [Spine](packaging/spine.md) `from ./packaging/spine`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - indexOfNode
        - qsa
- [Storage](storage.md) `from ./storage`
    - [Defer](utils/defer.md)
    - [Input](input.md)
    - localforage
    - [mime](utils/mime.md) `from ./utils/mime`
    - [request](utils/request.md) `from ./utils/request`
- [Themes](themes.md) `from ./themes`
    - [Url](utils/url.md)
- [Toc](navigation/toc.md) `from ./navigation/toc`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ../utils/core`
        - filterChildren
        - qs
- [Viewport](viewport.md) `from ./viewport`
    - [core](utils/core.md) `from ./utils/core`
    - [constants](utils/constants.md) `from ./utils/constants`
        - EVENTS

### Utils classes

- [Defer](utils/defer.md) `from ./utils/defer`
- [Hook](utils/hook.md) `from ./utils/hook`
- [Path](utils/path.md) `from ./utils/path`
- [Queue](utils/queue.md) `from ./utils/queue`
- [Url](utils/url.md) `from ./utils/url`
